you're late for a minute there I thought
you chickened out well I'm here to take
you to where the mirror hole to secret
meetings but I don't want to get
involved any further you know that's a
worry about a thing just showing where
it is and I'll take it
I hope you've enjoyed my little before
shit I've been waiting for a bench for a
long time what fighting shit you don't
have to worry too much about his punches
they're fast but one-dimensional
this is just too easy
as you may already know Shin will often
use attacks from the air of course no
one here would be more prepared for that
the muons are
Hey hey Sierra hit zoomy I just called
to see how your research was going
I've come across a few things while
going through some old books and news
articles it turns out that Varian
Academy started gaining recognition
about ten years ago around the time when
corporal punishment was being
reintroduced into the school systems the
policy was said to be proposed and
pushed by a strong number of officials
and educators this may not come as much
of a surprise but that list includes the
names of Damir and mr. Dorn I see though
I've heard that the reforms from ten
years ago did more than just legalize
corporal punishment while some believe
that these amendments hoped in
restricting the school night demerit or
expelled students for certain misconduct
the reality is that physical punishment
has just gradually evolved into the
preferred method of disciplining
so-called delinquent behavior DOM and
Aamir both have extensive track records
for setting this trend at all the
different schools they've been part of
anyway I'll tell you more about it later
something's come up
you
hi there um you probably don't really
know me but could you accept this letter
please hmm that's very sweet of you mil
but I wish you would have picked a
better time
oh sorry to be ruining your little
moments but we have some business of our
own
you lose ultimately a waste of time
and I do see a speck of potential you
may be of some use to me in a near
future gin is most dangerous when it
comes to his kicks
they're very cunning and difficult to
read drive Danis Lita's attacks decreed
openings if you can pull this off
beating shin should be a problem just as
I thought looks like you've picked up a
few things since last time
try again sorry girl
it's nothing personal I don't see why
jr. wanted us to deal with those kids
they won't even work split so that we
don't leave any loose ends we don't want
anything unexpected to happen listen up
Ferran Academy this is guy with a
special announcement full of you already
know why I'm here what I'm going to do
about it so if you don't want any more
of your precious school mates getting
hurt you've better make your way to the
East Wing as fast as you can so much for
preventing the unexpected I'll handle
this myself
be careful